I'm going to add one last thing here the initial robot location.
If we define x_0 to be zero,
which is the origin of the map then what this means is we add one over here and
zero over here and the reason why is this constraint is that x_0 is zero.
So let's take a robot moving around and let's see it sees a landmark,
from the first pose x_0 and from the third pose x_2,
but not from the second pose.
I want you in this matrix over here,
checkmark all the fields that are being modified by graham's law,
to binary check and the same for the vector without putting actual numbers in.
So go to this matrix and ask yourself,
which fields will be zero,
the ones that are untouched and which ones will not be zero, the ones you will modified.